# How to contribute to clojure-test-suite
Thanks for your interest in contributing! ❤️

## Code of Conduct
This project, and everyone participating, in it is governed by the
[jank Code of Conduct](https://github.com/jank-lang/jank/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

## How to get support or ask questions
Overall, the [#clojure-test-suite Slack channel](https://clojurians.slack.com/archives/C0A2CQQQVPB) is the
best place to ask questions to the community. If you can't/won't use Slack,
[Github Issues](https://github.com/jank-lang/clojure-test-suite/issues) is the next best place to ask.

## How to add new tests
Please read this [very helpful guide](https://github.com/jank-lang/clojure-test-suite/blob/main/doc/writing-tests.md).

## AI-assisted contribution policy
All external contributions must exclusively be created by humans.
Content, including code and copy, generated by a large language model or similar
technology will not be accepted. As a clojure-test-suite contributor, you are responsible
and accountable for your contributions. Contributing to clojure-test-suite means vouching for
the quality, license compliance, and utility of your submission.

## Internal vs external contributors
Certain policies, such as AI assistance, only apply to external contributors. By
default, every contributor to clojure-test-suite is an external contributor. Internal
contributor status is granted to those with a proven, trusted history of
contributing to clojure-test-suite, and a proven understanding its goals and design
philosophies.

Concerns about possible policy violations should be reported via
email to conduct@jank-lang.org.
